src/main/docs/guide/writingTheApp/bookcatalogue.adoc, before:

Create the `bookcatalogue` microservice:

`mn create-app example.micronaut.bookcatalogue.bookcatalogue`

The previous command creates a folder named `bookcatalogue` and a Micronaut app inside it with
default package: `example.micronaut.bookcatalogue`.

Modify `build.gradle` to add `rabbitmq` dependency. As we only want to use RabbitMQ to receive requests we can remove
Micronaut HTTP client and Server.

[source,java]
.bookcatalogue/build.gradle
----
dependencies {
    ...
    ..
    .
    //compile "io.micronaut:micronaut-http-client"
    //compile "io.micronaut:micronaut-http-server-netty"
include::{sourceDir}/bookcatalogue/build.gradle[tag=rabbitmq]
}
----

By default Micronaut will connect to a RabbitMQ instance running on `localhost` so it is not necessary to add anything
to `application.yml`. In case you want to change the configuration, add the following:

[source,yaml]
.bookcatalogue/src/main/resources/application.yml
----
rabbitmq:
    uri: amqp://localhost:5672
----

=== Create RabbitMQ exchange, queue and binding

Before being able to send and receive messages using RabbitMQ it is necessary to define the exchange, queue and binding.
One option is create them directly in the RabbitMQ Admin UI available on `http://localhost:15672`. Use `guest` for both
username and password.

Another option is create them programatically with Micronaut. Create the class `ChannelPoolListener.java`:

[source,java]
.bookcatalogue/src/main/java/example/micronaut/bookcatalogue/ChannelPoolListener.java
----
include::{sourceDir}/bookcatalogue/src/main/java/example/micronaut/bookcatalogue/ChannelPoolListener.java[]
----
<1> Define an exchange named `micronaut`. From the producer point of view everything is sent to the exchange with the
appropriate routing key.
<2> Define a queue named `inventory`. The consumer will listen for messages in that queue.
<3> Define a binding between the exchange and the queue using the routing key `books.inventory`.
<4> Define a queue named `catalogue`. The consumer will listen for messages in that queue.
<5> Define a binding between the exchange and the queue using the routing key `books.catalogue`.

NOTE: In this Catalogue Microservice the only necessary element is the `catalogue` queue but it is a good practice to define
all the elements in the same file and share the file between all the projects.


=== Create consumer

Create a `BookCatalogueService` class to handle incoming RPC requests into the `bookcatalogue` microservice:

[source,java]
.bookcatalogue/src/main/java/example/micronaut/bookcatalogue/BookCatalogueService.java
----
include::{sourceDir}/bookcatalogue/src/main/java/example/micronaut/bookcatalogue/BookCatalogueService.java[]
----
<1> Annotate the class with `@RabbitListener` to indicate that this bean will consume messages from RabbitMQ.
<2> Annotate the method with `@Queue`. This listener will listen to messages in `catalogue` queue.

The previous service responds a `List<Book>`. Create the `Book` POJO:

[source,java]
.bookcatalogue/src/main/java/example/micronaut/bookcatalogue/Book.java
----
include::{sourceDir}/bookcatalogue/src/main/java/example/micronaut/bookcatalogue/Book.java[]
----

Commit message:

Bump up to Micronaut 1.1.0.RC1
MN version in gradle properties

src/main/docs/guide/writingTheApp/bookcatalogue.adoc, after:

Create the `bookcatalogue` microservice:

`mn create-app example.micronaut.bookcatalogue.bookcatalogue`

The previous command creates a folder named `bookcatalogue` and a Micronaut app inside it with
default package: `example.micronaut.bookcatalogue`.

Modify `build.gradle` to add `rabbitmq` dependency. As we only want to use RabbitMQ to receive requests we can remove
Micronaut HTTP client and Server.

[source,java]
.bookcatalogue/build.gradle
----
dependencies {
    ...
    ..
    .
    //compile "io.micronaut:micronaut-http-client"
    //compile "io.micronaut:micronaut-http-server-netty"
include::{sourceDir}/bookcatalogue/build.gradle[tag=rabbitmq]
}
----

The previous dependency uses Groovy's string interpolation to resolve the  Micronaut version which is defined in `gradle.properties`:

[source,java]
.gradle.properties
----
include::{sourceDir}/gradle.properties[]
----

By default Micronaut will connect to a RabbitMQ instance running on `localhost` so it is not necessary to add anything
to `application.yml`. In case you want to change the configuration, add the following:

[source,yaml]
.bookcatalogue/src/main/resources/application.yml
----
rabbitmq:
    uri: amqp://localhost:5672
----

=== Create RabbitMQ exchange, queue and binding

Before being able to send and receive messages using RabbitMQ it is necessary to define the exchange, queue and binding.
One option is create them directly in the RabbitMQ Admin UI available on `http://localhost:15672`. Use `guest` for both
username and password.

Another option is create them programatically with Micronaut. Create the class `ChannelPoolListener.java`:

[source,java]
.bookcatalogue/src/main/java/example/micronaut/bookcatalogue/ChannelPoolListener.java
----
include::{sourceDir}/bookcatalogue/src/main/java/example/micronaut/bookcatalogue/ChannelPoolListener.java[]
----
<1> Define an exchange named `micronaut`. From the producer point of view everything is sent to the exchange with the
appropriate routing key.
<2> Define a queue named `inventory`. The consumer will listen for messages in that queue.
<3> Define a binding between the exchange and the queue using the routing key `books.inventory`.
<4> Define a queue named `catalogue`. The consumer will listen for messages in that queue.
<5> Define a binding between the exchange and the queue using the routing key `books.catalogue`.

NOTE: In this Catalogue Microservice the only necessary element is the `catalogue` queue but it is a good practice to define
all the elements in the same file and share the file between all the projects.


=== Create consumer

Create a `BookCatalogueService` class to handle incoming RPC requests into the `bookcatalogue` microservice:

[source,java]
.bookcatalogue/src/main/java/example/micronaut/bookcatalogue/BookCatalogueService.java
----
include::{sourceDir}/bookcatalogue/src/main/java/example/micronaut/bookcatalogue/BookCatalogueService.java[]
----
<1> Annotate the class with `@RabbitListener` to indicate that this bean will consume messages from RabbitMQ.
<2> Annotate the method with `@Queue`. This listener will listen to messages in `catalogue` queue.

The previous service responds a `List<Book>`. Create the `Book` POJO:

[source,java]
.bookcatalogue/src/main/java/example/micronaut/bookcatalogue/Book.java
----
include::{sourceDir}/bookcatalogue/src/main/java/example/micronaut/bookcatalogue/Book.java[]
----
