src/main/docs/guide/writingTheApp/bookinventory.adoc, before:

Create the `bookinventory` microservice:

`mn create-app example.micronaut.bookinventory.bookinventory`

The previous command creates a folder named `bookinventory` and a Micronaut app inside it with
default package: `example.micronaut.bookinventory`.

Modify `build.gradle` to add `rabbitmq` dependency. As we only want to use RabbitMQ to receive requests we can remove
Micronaut HTTP client and Server.

[source,java]
.bookinventory/build.gradle
----
dependencies {
    ...
    ..
    .
    //compile "io.micronaut:micronaut-http-client"
    //compile "io.micronaut:micronaut-http-server-netty"
include::{sourceDir}/bookinventory/build.gradle[tag=rabbitmq]
}
----


=== Create RabbitMQ exchange, queue and binding

As we did in `Catalogue` Microservice, create the class `ChannelPoolListener.java` in `bookinventory/src/main/java/example/micronaut/bookcatalogue/ChannelPoolListener.java`
with the same content as before.


=== Create consumer

Create a `BookInventoryService` class to handle incoming RPC requests into the `bookinventory` microservice:

[source,java]
.bookinventory/src/main/java/example/micronaut/bookinventory/BookInventoryService.java
----
include::{sourceDir}/bookinventory/src/main/java/example/micronaut/bookinventory/BookInventoryService.java[]
----
<1> Annotate the class with `@RabbitListener` to indicate that this bean will consume messages from RabbitMQ.
<2> Annotate the method with `@Queue`. This listener will listen to messages in `inventory` queue.

The previous service uses `BookInventory` POJO. Create it:

[source,java]
.bookinventory/src/main/java/example/micronaut/bookinventory/BookInventory.java
----
include::{sourceDir}/bookinventory/src/main/java/example/micronaut/bookinventory/BookInventory.java[]
----

Commit message:

Bump up to Micronaut 1.1.0.RC1
MN version in gradle properties

src/main/docs/guide/writingTheApp/bookinventory.adoc, after:

Create the `bookinventory` microservice:

`mn create-app example.micronaut.bookinventory.bookinventory`

The previous command creates a folder named `bookinventory` and a Micronaut app inside it with
default package: `example.micronaut.bookinventory`.

Modify `build.gradle` to add `rabbitmq` dependency. As we only want to use RabbitMQ to receive requests we can remove
Micronaut HTTP client and Server.

[source,java]
.bookinventory/build.gradle
----
dependencies {
    ...
    ..
    .
    //compile "io.micronaut:micronaut-http-client"
    //compile "io.micronaut:micronaut-http-server-netty"
include::{sourceDir}/bookinventory/build.gradle[tag=rabbitmq]
}
----

The previous dependency uses Groovy's string interpolation to resolve the  Micronaut version which is defined in `gradle.properties`:

[source,java]
.gradle.properties
----
include::{sourceDir}/gradle.properties[]
----


=== Create RabbitMQ exchange, queue and binding

As we did in `Catalogue` Microservice, create the class `ChannelPoolListener.java` in `bookinventory/src/main/java/example/micronaut/bookcatalogue/ChannelPoolListener.java`
with the same content as before.


=== Create consumer

Create a `BookInventoryService` class to handle incoming RPC requests into the `bookinventory` microservice:

[source,java]
.bookinventory/src/main/java/example/micronaut/bookinventory/BookInventoryService.java
----
include::{sourceDir}/bookinventory/src/main/java/example/micronaut/bookinventory/BookInventoryService.java[]
----
<1> Annotate the class with `@RabbitListener` to indicate that this bean will consume messages from RabbitMQ.
<2> Annotate the method with `@Queue`. This listener will listen to messages in `inventory` queue.

The previous service uses `BookInventory` POJO. Create it:

[source,java]
.bookinventory/src/main/java/example/micronaut/bookinventory/BookInventory.java
----
include::{sourceDir}/bookinventory/src/main/java/example/micronaut/bookinventory/BookInventory.java[]
----
